So let's say you can you can customize this single brokes are going up and these are the and you can
see that we have these steps.
We have the description and we'll have the reviews.
So for example in this case let's see how you can remove these clips.
Maybe your client doesn't want to display the description and see how you can do that.
So I come in removes a tap in there single page broke.
We're have it up for once again.
And you can see that when you're working with will come on it's really common that you create these
kooks for insurance.
This was a must.
This is the most powerful way.
Well it was a Prius will combers website site and we're going to turn it back and remove underscore
description and we're going on the field there at the Field there in this field that is called combers
underscore broke underscore that's what going to come out.
Then we pass these Gomar again.
And what we're going to run this up to any so and when it does it does because we want to remove one
of the steps you can up against and so Bri Bri you can see that.
And so these pretax embattled bomp are going to be your best friend when you're working with these cougars
and see what what's the content of the variable.
So a lot of these and you can see that we have an array with the description and the reviews and we
have the title and then we have the priority that we have the callback callback is a function that is
Iranian to display these product description.
So we're going to remove these.
And you can see that we want to remove this description so we can use a BHB function call on set this
will remove a portion of an array for example.
Bus onset DAPs.
And then the position in the array is the description.
So we remove that and then we're to throw in that that's so save these and reload and you can see that
we get rid of these description and of course in the same way that we're working here.
You can't change the name of the top.
You can add more taps or you can add more functionality.
So let's see in the next video card you can make some changes in these steps.